W-22183113-ii-ssot-min-duke (#464)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/include-integration-intelligence-setup.adoc

The connected Salesforce organization must have Data 360 and Tableau Next enabled. For more information, see https://help.tableau.com/current/online/en-us/tableau_next_setup_guide.htm[Tableau Next Setup Guide].
====
* Agentforce enabled in the connected Salesforce organization and your Anypoint Platform organization. For more information, see xref:access-management::enabling-agentforce.adoc[].

> * To avoid installation failures while testing through your Salesforce sandbox organization, ensure that your Single source of truth (SSOT) package version is v1.120 or later. For more information, see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=ind.cg_tpm_data_cloud_verify_ssot.htm&type=5[Verify the SSOT Package Version in Data Cloud].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To avoid installation failures while testing through your Salesforce sandbox organization, make sure that your Single source of truth (SSOT) package version is v1.120 or later. For more information, see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=ind.cg_tpm_data_cloud_verify_ssot.htm&type=5[Verify the SSOT Package Version in Data Cloud].
```

Reviewer: Would it be Single Source of Truth? Since it's a specific thing in this case, not a general term?
